OSDOCS-3986: Content Porting of "CLI Tools" book to OSD and ROSA docs (#61523)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-installing-cli.adoc

[id="cli-installing-cli_{context}"]
= Installing the OpenShift CLI by downloading the binary

> You can install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) to interact with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the {oc-first} to interact with 
```
